Update changelog for agent 3.3.1 (#339)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/ngrok-agent/changelog.md

# ngrok Agent Changelog

### ngrok Agent 3.3.1 - \[2023-06-05\]

> * Fixed a bug introduced in v3.3.0, where `--request-header-add "Access-Control-Allow-Origin:https://developer.mozilla.org"` will not be allowed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where colons in request header and response header values were not allowed (e.g. `--request-header-add "Access-Control-Allow-Origin:https://developer.mozilla.org"`)
```
